Sir, please verify the capital.
Xiao Chan, it's finally your turn.
Hurry up and finish the inspection
I'm starving
In fact, there is no need to test
Anyway, this guy is not qualified to be at the wine table
Let's not waste our time
That's right.
But I'm curious.
How much personal wealth is depressed?
Not a penny, right?
Hahahaha
You laugh hard
You won't be able to laugh later
Continue to pack personal assets, but you can't pack them
A bargain
How many assets do you have?
Hey, you only need to have ten million.
I ate this table
Cut a million hum
Don't say millions, even if there are millions
Our Su family will not kick him out either.
how
Are you scared by too few digits?
Here, sir. Here's your card, of course.
Hey, is there any need to ask?
Cary doesn't have a penny
Afraid of being embarrassed to say it
Give him the last shred of face
Or Ye Shao depends on people
My Sun Zhou has five bodies
Just a fluke
Then the capital verification is complete
Come to your seats
Oh, right.
As for the two of you
Are you going out by yourself?
Or should I ask the security to ask you out?
Give the waiter a little more time.
What are you waiting for?
You can't afford it, can you?
Is the manager the guest?
To see the Golden Dragon in my lifetime
Really lucky for three lifetimes
I don't know if the distinguished guest is going to be at this moment
Open the trillion quota of this Golden Dragon Card?